Okay it works but it's gotta get cleaned up big time

Instantiate a class you SOB 
that's clearly what they want from you, you just got carried away 
thats fine though it works 

lol you did that quick 

need to split up some more of that bs into 
clean little functions or methods or whatever

get it going on 

alphabetized, indexed, enter a number to pick a team 
how to do that 
what is the problem 
that's a question for the morning 

filter out invalid inputs and the indexed input thing 
those are the big ones 

don't worry about making it pretty necessarily, who cares

org.rb 80 that cannot be input, i don't think
why not? 
well basically i'd like to get to the point where the list is
a list of the actual objects, the instances of Org that are generated
and are selectable based on Org.name(i did this, but Org.id instead)
it needs to be actually selecting the instance. not just providing 
input which i can use to call the instance.

new class called like grabber or something? who cares what it's called
thats what it will do. it will grab.
that way the input could be a class variable or i guess an instance variable
and even when it goes to the next method it would still grab that variable.

not sure what that shit above is about. 

it's broken, basically. something is trying to do too many things
something is showing up where it shouldn't be 
i assume it has something to do with seperation of concerns. but maybe not 

take the time tomorrow(or tonight) to draw up a flowchart. 
you absolutely can track this issue down. 

the problems right now(order of importance)
1. it's broken 
2. filter out invalid inputs 
3. clean it up, check out seperation of concerns

just needs to be done sunday night but tomorrow would be great

alright i think we're done here 
still need to check out seperation of concerns
maybe move a method around here or there(class to class)

1. get it up on github 
2. make a video
3. write a blog 
4. schedule assessment 
done 

you messed up two things: 
didn't screen record half an hour of coding 
didn't use github like at all the way it was meant to be used and paid a price

you did a few great things: 
went above and beyond 
worked through the bullshit(that was your own fault sometimes)
you have never built a piece of software before and now, here is one

OKAY FORGET ALL THAT OTHER STUFF 
the organization sub-menu can't handle invalid inputs! fuck!
OKAY FORGET THAT 
it can do it now